["Obama and Putin are both secretly gay, and in love with each other. Recent world events are the result of them showing off and trying to impress each other.", "A woman slips into a coma during the birth of her first son, never meeting the child, who dies within hours. The father adopts a child to cope with his pain you. Your adopted father later dies. You must now break the news to your mother that you're adopted.", "The man who found the cure for AIDS is being interviewed on live television. The interviewer is slowly realizing this man doesn't understand ethical medical practices.", "Whenever you close your eyes, you see three days into the future. It has been a gift and a curse all your life. One day you close your eyes and see nothing. Darkness.", "When he was 13 he found a time machine and promptly lost it just before age 14. Unfortunately during that time he chose to visit himself at several points in the future. Write about how disruptive it is to expect a visit from your annoying adolescent self and keep it safe.", "The Battered Wife.", "In the afterlife there are support groups for those who have died a tragic death. An argument breaks out between two people who are from the same geographical location, but from very different times.", "A rookie firefighter learns first hand the real reason they carry fire axes.", "While debugging a program, you accidentaly find the universe's data structures.", "Physical beauty is directly linked to inner beauty and changes continuously throughout a person's life according to their behaviour.", "After discovering that reality is a simulation, you accidentally corrupt New York. Everyone there begins behaving quite oddly...", "Overestimating a common criminal he believes to be a mastermind, a detective with a spotless record connects clues that aren't there, uncovering something he shouldn't have.", "A very religious parent tells a scary bedtime story to their child about a world without religion.", "EU] The Wizard, the Witch, the Druid, the Necromancer, and the Cleric sit down for a game of Poker.", "Every night, when everyone's asleep, stuffed animals defend their owners against nightmares.", "Prove the opposite of your current chosen belief/religion.", "You're a ghost who could only visit the living during embarrassing times.", "Post the TLDR of your favorite classic novel or play in 12 words or less", "Cats consider declaring independence from Humanity.", "God or something suddenly gives men the ability to have babies, how does this change the world?", "[CW] Write a story that can be interpreted in 3 different ways.", "Throughout your life, you've always had absolutely perfect luck. One day, you lose a coin toss.", "Every human being has a limited number of orgasms per life, you're about to experience your last one. [NSFW]", "Satan has always been known to tempt the people of the earth with evil and sin to keep them from getting to heaven, but the reality of it is that he is trying to protect man from what is waiting for them up there...", "Tell a story by changing 1 word each sentence"]